Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Just by taking into account common friends of two users, similarity between users shouldn't be 
concluded. This is because users maybe following same account but with their different interests 
or intentions. Also users might want to keep track of that friend to remain updated and hence plan their 
next steps which can be in diffferent directions. Hence to find similarity other facts should be included like 
tweets done with the user, deducing the nature of the tweets for that friend and so on along with the common friends. 



2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.


The user followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump is Magic Johnson, great basketball player who after retirement is an 
entrepreneur, philanthropist, broadcaster and motivational speaker. His endorsement is a HUGE deal in politics. He endorses 
Hilary Clinton but still is open to do business with Donald Trump as he likes Trump's hotel. Following him is in benefit of both 
Hilary and Donald and so makes sense them following Johnson despite of HIlary and Donald being rivals. 



3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?


Trump's exclusivity of following less than 50 highlights the fact that he uses Twitter primarily
for broadcasting his message to his nearly 6 million followers then engaging into back and forth with users.
It might affect our analysis because this shows he is playing safe. The lesser the people you follow, lesser is the 
risk involved. This is because when you're following someone actively you just assume him not to be a religious
extremist, or a prisioner with record. That is playing safe and we cannot analyse the nature or liking/disliking of the candidate alias judge the candidate just by seeing whom he is following.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

First of all, we need to get the number of the accounts that X follows, let us call it noOfusers.
For one request at a time 5000 ids can be fetched.Therefore no of requests to be made, 
        noOfRequests = math.upper(noOfusers/5000)
Now, at a time 15 requests can be sent to twitter (by default), 
        noOfTimes = math.upper(noOfRequests/15)
after making first 15 requests, user can try again after 15 mins, 
if noOfTimes > 1 then 
        timeTaken = 1 + (noOfTimes - 1)*15 mins